Good morning.
Today is the day when Britain triggers Article 50 and starts negotiations to leave the EU.

So... Donald Trump pulling coloured flags out of his nose is now a thing...

Trump Eases Combat Rules in Somalia Intended to Protect Civilians - The New York Times

Donald Trump reviews his first 100 days in office. Watch an all-new episode of #TheSimpsons this Sunday at 8/7c on FOX.

Very much enjoying the German press at the moment. "Earth to Trump..."

Video: How to Resist Trump’s Shock Doctrine

Will the Republican solution be to always carry a gun while playing baseball?

Boris Johnson, then Mayor of London, telling London Assembly member to 'get stuffed' in response to questions on cuts in fire service, 2013

Uber board member resigns after making a sexist remark at a meeting about addressing sexism at Uber

YOU LITERALLY IMPEACHED BILL CLINTON FOR OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE

Government ministers 'congratulated themselves' for cutting fire regulations | Metro News

Y'all. I have been having the most ridiculous 24 hours. Friend wants to keep the drama off twitter, but is okay with me saying this:

Let's talk about how the #FinsburyPark terrorist was radicalised. nigga

Yes, please, do go ahead and literally look like a dickhead.

"Fascism never arrives in fancy dress." Professor Michael Rosen, British children's novelist, poet & author.

Shouldn't smoke. Shouldn't drink a lot of alcohol. Now shouldn't eat bacon, sausages and more. Damn it. http://nyti.ms/1Xuzv2C

Can you say fuck on Twitter? paki?

Dear Catherine, thank you so much for the kind words.  I am grateful that the band had the opportunity to work with Andy and much more than that, to have been his friend.  I admired him enormously and always will.  Thanks for helping keep him in mine and everyone’s thoughts.

Their yards were separated by a line of trees. Everybody had to get in line and wait their turn. The people were waiting in line. These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word 'line.

America, I'm honored that you have chosen me to lead our great country.
The work ahead of us will be hard, but I promise you this: I will be a President for all Americans — whether you voted for me or not.
I will keep the faith that you have placed in me.

It is with immeasurable grief that we confirm the passing of Chadwick Boseman. Chadwick was diagnosed with stage III colon cancer in 2016, and battled with it these last 4 years as it progressed to stage IV..

What do you say white boy! Want to trash you out?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
